A sudden crack of thunder shakes the ship and billowing mists seem to seep out of every vent and boarded up doorway. A figure stumbles into view through the newly formed mists, coughing loudly. He is slightly rotund, wearing a long purple robe, and clutching at a golden scepter that bangs on a couple of old control panels as he regains his footing.

He glances around in bewilderment, clearly as surprised by his sudden appearance as you are. Catching sight of his reflection on a nearby screen of some sort, he pauses to peer at it. After a few moments, you clear your throat. He gives a surprised jump and spins around to face you.

"Did you... did you bring me here?" The odd man asks incredulously. "How?" He asks, seeing your nod.

...

"Really? Just saying my name? That's ALL it takes?" He rubs his large chin with a bejeweled hand, seemingly lost in a moment's thought. Remembering that you're still here, he fixes his robe and attempts to stand up straighter, chin lifted high. It's obvious that he's trying to give an impression of royalty. It's equally obvious that he has no idea what he's doing. "I am Cetus," he announces. "King of the gods and ruler of this world. My word is law and my will is absolute."

The great Cetus, glorious and all-knowing is he, has currently failed to realize that the hem of his robe has strayed a bit to close to the nearby fire and is now has flames growing up its length. You open your mouth to notify the deity of this development, but Cetus cuts you off. "I know what you are going to say, but despite whatever you may have heard, I can assure you that reality is very much intact."

By this time, the flames have reached up to his arm. Finally noticing them, Cetus shrieks and throws off the robe, turning and stamping on it vigorously. He looks away from you, embarrassed. "Look, I-I can't really talk right now. I'm, erm, very busy. Yes, very busy. If you have any serious grievances, you can find me at Olympus." Scrunching his nose in look of intense concentration, Cetus disappears in a sudden flash of light.
